Add documentation of the PostgreSQL Update Strategy (#58)
vshn/appcat-user-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/crds.adoc

| Field | Description
| *`schedule`* __string__ | 
| *`retention`* __integer__ | 
| *`deletionProtection`* __boolean__ | DeletionProtection will protect the instance from being deleted for the given retention time. This is enabled by default.

> | *`deletionRetention`* __integer__ | DeletionRetention specifies in days how long the instance should be kept after deletion. The default is keeping it one week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *`deletionRetention`* __integer__ | DeletionRetention specifies in days how long the instance should be kept after deletion. The default value is one week.
```

Author: This is a completely unrelated change and is auto generated. I won't change this in this PR

| *`restore`* __xref:{anchor_prefix}-github-com-vshn-component-appcat-apis-vshn-v1-vshnpostgresqlrestore[$$VSHNPostgreSQLRestore$$]__ | Restore contains settings to control the restore of an instance.
| *`monitoring`* __xref:{anchor_prefix}-github-com-vshn-component-appcat-apis-vshn-v1-vshnpostgresqlmonitoring[$$VSHNPostgreSQLMonitoring$$]__ | Monitoring contains settings to control monitoring.
| *`encryption`* __xref:{anchor_prefix}-github-com-vshn-component-appcat-apis-vshn-v1-vshnpostgresqlencryption[$$VSHNPostgreSQLEncryption$$]__ | Encryption contains settings to control the storage encryption of an instance.

> | *`updateStrategy`* __xref:{anchor_prefix}-github-com-vshn-component-appcat-apis-vshn-v1-vshnpostgresqlupdatestrategy[$$VSHNPostgreSQLUpdateStrategy$$]__ | UpdateStrategy indicates how and when updates to the instance spec will be applied.

Reviewer: If I understood correctly it indicates just "when".

| *`resourceRef`* __link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.20/#objectreference-v1-core[$$ObjectReference$$]__ | ResourceRef contains a reference to the composite.
| *`compositeDeletePolicy`* __string__ | CompositeDeletePolicy defines how the claim should behave if it's deleted. This field definition will be overwritten by crossplane again, once the XRD is applied to a cluster. It's added here so it can be marshalled correctly in third party operators or composition functions.
|===

[id="{anchor_prefix}-github-com-vshn-component-appcat-apis-vshn-v1-vshnpostgresqlupdatestrategy"]
=== VSHNPostgreSQLUpdateStrategy 

VSHNPostgreSQLUpdateStrategy indicates how and when updates to the instance spec will be applied.

.Appears In:
****
- xref:{anchor_prefix}-github-com-vshn-component-appcat-apis-vshn-v1-vshnpostgresqlparameters[$$VSHNPostgreSQLParameters$$]
****

[cols="25a,75a", options="header"]
|===
| Field | Description

> | *`type`* __string__ | Type indicates the type of the UpdateStrategy. Default is OnDelete. Possible enum values: - `"OnRestart"` indicates that the changes to the spec will only be applied once the instance is restarted by other means, most likely during maintenance. - `"Immediate"` indicates that update will be applied to the instance as soon as the spec changes. Please be aware that this might lead to short downtime.

Reviewer: I thought we agreed only 2 types of `UpdateStrategy`.
